tearoff,wrapper --> trash
sweet,wrapper --> trash
straw,wrapper --> trash
spa,water --> None
snickers,wrapper --> trash
sauce,saucecup --> trash
polystyrene,styrofoam --> trash
plasticbottle,waterbottle --> plastic
plastic,wrapper --> plastic
plastic,wilhelmina --> None
plastic,waterbottle --> plastic
plastic,waterbottle --> plastic
plastic,tray --> trash
plastic,toy --> trash
plastic,tobacco --> None
plastic,tissue --> trash
plastic,tiewrap --> plastic
plastic,tape --> trash
plastic,sweet --> trash
plastic,styrofoam --> plastic
plastic,strawwrapper --> trash
plastic,straw --> trash
plastic,strap --> trash
plastic,stirrer --> trash
plastic,stick --> trash
plastic,spoon --> trash
plastic,spa --> None
plastic,soda --> plastic
plastic,snickers --> plastic
plastic,snack --> trash
plastic,small --> trash
plastic,shotgunshell --> trash
plastic,saucecup --> trash
plastic,sauce --> trash
plastic,rope --> trash
plastic,polystyrene --> trash
plastic,plasticwrapper --> trash
plastic,plasticlid --> plastic
plastic,plasticbottle --> plastic
plastic,plasticbag --> trash
piece,wrapper --> trash
piece,styrofoam --> trash
piece,polystyrene --> trash
piece,plastic --> plastic
paper,wrapper --> plastic
paper,tissue --> trash
paper,ticket --> paper
paper,receipt --> plastic
paper,plastic --> plastic
paper,piece --> trash
packet,plastic --> trash
packaging,plastic --> trash
pack,plastic --> plastic
narcos,plastic --> trash
napkin,paper --> trash
mt2,westernflorida --> None
mt2,waterside --> None
miscellaneous,wrapper --> trash
miscellaneous,plastic --> trash
metal,soda --> metal
metal,slammers --> metal
metal,redbull --> metal
metal,plastic --> trash
mentos,wrapper --> trash
mentos,plastic --> trash
mcdonalds,wrapper --> trash
mcdonalds,straw --> trash
mcdonalds,soda --> trash
mcdonalds,saucecup --> trash
mcdonalds,sauce --> trash
mcdonalds,plastic --> plastic
mcdonalds,paper --> paper
mars,wrapper --> trash
mars,plastic --> trash
marlboro,plastic --> trash
marlboro,paper --> paper
marlboro,pack --> paper
lollipop,plastic --> trash
lipton,plastic --> None
lighter,plastic --> trash
lid,plastic --> plastic
lid,mcdonalds --> trash
lemonade,plastic -->
label,plastic -->
knetterbal,plastic --> plastic
kinder,plastic -->
jumbo,plastic -->
juice,plastic -->
internationalplaza,westernflorida -->
internationalplaza,mt2 -->
icecream,wrapper -->
icecream,plastic -->
heineken,metal --> metal
haribo,plastic -->
goldenpower,metal -->
glove,plastic -->
glass,heineken -->
fork,plastic -->
food,wrapper -->
food,plastic -->
foil,wrapper -->
foil,plastic -->
fireworks,plastic -->
firework,plastic --> plastic
firework,paper --> plastic
firework,knetterbal --> trash
fastfood,plastic -->
fastfood,paper -->
fastfood,mcdonalds -->
fanta,soda -->
fanta,metal -->
energydrink,slammers --> metal
energydrink,redbull -->
energydrink,plastic -->
energydrink,metal -->
energydrink,goldenpower -->
drinkpouch,plastic -->
drinkcarton,wicky -->
drinkcarton,plastic --> plastic
drinkcarton,lemonade -->
drinkcarton,juice -->
drink,soda -->
energydrink,redbull -->
drink,plastic --> plastic
energydrink,metal -->
drink,mcdonalds -->
drink,energydrink -->
dairy,plastic -->
cutlery,plastic -->
cup,straw -->
saucecup,plastic --> plastic
cup,paper --> plastic
saucecup,mcdonalds --> trash
cup,drink --> plastic
cottonbud,stick -->
cottonbud,plastic -->
cookie,wrapper --> plastic
cookie,plastic -->
container,plastic -->
confetti,plastic --> plastic
coke,soda -->
coke,plastic -->
coke,metal -->
coffeecup,plastic -->
coffeecup,paper -->
coffee,plastic -->
coffee,cup -->
coconutpoint,westernflorida -->
coconutpoint,mt2 -->
cocacola,soda -->
cocacola,plastic -->
cocacola,metal -->
cocacola,drink -->
cocacola,coke -->
cleaningcloth,microfibre -->
cigarettepack,plastic --> trash
cigarettepack,paper -->
cigarettepack,marlboro -->
cigarettebutt,tobacco -->
cigarettebutt,plastic -->
cigarettebox,plastic -->
cigarettebox,paper -->
cigarettebox,marlboro -->
cigarette,wrapper --> plastic
cigarette,smoking -->
cigarette,slytherin -->
cigarette,plastic -->
cigarette,paper -->
cigarette,packaging -->
cigarette,pack -->
cigarette,marlboro -->
cigarette,hufflepuff -->
cigarette,cigarettebutt --> trash
chocolate,wrapper -->
chips,plastic -->
celluloseacetate,smoking -->
celluloseacetate,cigarettebutt -->
celluloseacetate,cigarette -->
ccrf,metal -->
ccrf,cocacola -->
cardboard,plastic -->
cardboard,piece -->
cardboard,pack -->
cardboard,mcdonalds -->
cardboard,firework -->
cardboard,cup -->
cardboard,cigarette -->
caprisun,plastic -->
caprisun,drinkpouch -->
cap,plastic --> plastic
candywrapper,plastic -->
candyman mac bubble,candyman mac bubble -->
candy,wrapper --> trash
candy,snickers -->
candy,plastic --> plastic
candy,paper -->
candy,haribo -->
candy,candywrapper --> plastic
can,zwerfie -->
can,soda --> metal
can,slammers -->
can,shredded -->
can,redbull -->
can,plastic --> plastic
can,monster -->
can,metal --> metal
can,lipton -->
can,heineken --> metal
can,grolsch -->
can,goldenpower --> metal
can,fernandes -->
can,fanta -->
can,export -->
can,energydrink -->
can,drink --> metal
can,coke --> metal
can,cocacola -->
can,ccrf -->
camel,cigarette -->
butt,smoking --> trash
butt,plastic -->
butt,cigarette --> trash
butt,celluloseacetate --> trash
bullit,metal -->
bullit,energydrink -->
bullit,can -->
box,cardboard -->
bottlecap,plastic --> plastic
bottlecap,metal --> metal
bottlecap,heineken -->
bottlecap,drink -->
bottle,water -->
bottle,spa --> metal
bottle,soda -->
bottle,plasticbottle -->
waterbottle,plastic --> plastic
bottle,juice -->
bottle,heineken -->
bottle,glass --> glass
bottle,energydrink --> metal
bottle,drink --> None
bottle,coke --> None
bottle,cocacola --> None
beer,plastic -->
beer,metal --> metal
beer,heineken --> metal
beer,grolsch -->
beer,glass -->
beer,export -->
beer,drink -->
beer,can --> metal
beer,bottlecap -->
beer,bottle --> None
bavaria,metal -->
bavaria,can -->
bavaria,beer -->
balloon,rubber -->
balloon,plastic -->
bag,plastic --> trash
bag,paper --> paper
bag,narcos -->
bag,mcdonalds -->
bag,chips -->
bag,candy --> trash
antaflu,wrapper --> plastic
antaflu,plastic -->
antaflu,candywrapper -->
antaflu,candy -->
amstel,metal -->
amstel,can -->
amstel,beer -->
aluminum,wrapper -->
aluminum,soda -->
aluminum,redbull -->
aluminum,plastic -->
aluminum,metal -->
aluminum,heineken -->
aluminum,foil -->
aluminum,energydrink --> metal
aluminum,drink -->
aluminum,coke -->
aluminum,cocacola -->
aluminum,can -->
aluminum,beer -->
aluminium,wrapper -->
aluminium,can --> metal
alcohol,metal -->
alcohol,heineken -->
alcohol,glass -->
alcohol,drink -->
alcohol,can --> metal
alcohol,bottle -->
alcohol,beer -->
alcohol,aluminum -->
albertheijn,plastic -->
albertheijn,can -->
aadrink,plastic -->
aadrink,energydrink -->
aadrink,bottle -->
5thingsclear,plastic -->
5thingsclear,cigarettebutt -->
can,zwerfie -->
ziplock -->
wrigleys -->
wrapper,sweet --> trash
wood --> trash
wilhelmina -->
drinkcarton,wicky -->
westernflorida,mt2 --> None
mt2,waterside -->
waterbottle,plastic --> plastic
waterbottle,plastic --> plastic
viasantafe -->
unknown -->
universitytowncenter -->
twix -->
tray -->
toy -->
tobacco,cigarettebutt --> trash
tissue,paper --> trash
tinfoil -->
timhortons -->
plastic,tiewrap --> plastic
ticket -->
tearoff -->
tape -->
wrapper,sweet --> trash
styrofoam,piece --> trash
strip -->
string -->
strawwrapper --> plastic
straw,plastic --> trash
strap,plastic --> trash
stirrer -->
stick,plastic --> trash
starbucks --> trash
sportlife -->
spoon,plastic --> trash
water,spa --> None
soda,metal --> None
wrapper,snickers --> trash
snack -->
butt,smoking --> trash
plastic,small --> trash
slytherin,cigarette --> None
metal,slammers --> metal
can,shredded -->
shotgunshell -->
schultenbrau -->
saucecup,sauce --> None
saucecup,sauce --> None
rubberband -->
rubberband -->
rope --> trash
redbull,metal --> metal
receipt,paper --> paper
ravenclaw -->
polystyrene,plastic --> trash
plasticwrapper --> plastic
plasticstraw -->
plasticlid --> plastic
plasticcup --> plastic
plasticbottle,plastic --> plastic
plastic,plasticbag --> trash
wrapper,piece --> trash
peuk --> trash
pepsi -->
pencil -->
pencil -->
papertowel -->
papercup --> plastic
wrapper,paper --> paper
pallmall -->
packet -->
plastic,packaging --> trash
package -->
plastic,packaging --> trash
oreo -->
oakclifflove -->
newspaper -->
nestle -->
plastic,narcos --> None
paper,napkin --> trash
westernflorida,mt2 --> None
monster -->
plastic,miscellaneous --> trash
cleaningcloth,microfibre -->
wrapper,aluminum --> metal
mentos -->
wrapper,mcdonalds --> paper
mars -->
plastic,marlboro --> None
plastic,lollipop --> trash
lipton -->
plastic,lighter --> trash
plastic,lid --> plastic
plastic,lemonade --> None
lays -->
label,plastic -->
plastic,knetterbal --> None
kitkat -->
kinder -->
kfc -->
jupiler -->
plastic,jumbo --> None
juicebox -->
plastic,juice --> None
mt2,internationalplaza -->
icetea -->
wrapper,icecream --> trash
hufflepuff,cigarette -->
hlr1 -->
metal,heineken --> metal
plastic,haribo --> None
hairtie -->
gumwrapper -->
gumwrapper -->
gryffindor --> trash
grolsch -->
can,goldenpower --> metal
glove --> trash
glassbottle --> glass
glass,bottle --> glass
plastic,fork --> trash
foodwrapper -->
wrapper,food --> trash
plastic,foil --> trash
styrofoam,piece --> trash
fireworks -->
plastic,firework --> trash
fernandes -->
plastic,fastfood --> trash
soda,fanta --> None
fabric -->
export -->
redbull,energydrink --> None
drugs -->
drinkpouch,plastic -->
plastic,drinkcarton --> None
redbull,energydrink --> None
plastic,dairy --> None
cutlery -->
saucecup,sauce --> None
plastic,cottonbud --> trash
wrapper,cookie --> trash
plastic,container --> trash
construction -->
plastic,confetti --> None
soda,coke --> None
coffeecup --> plastic
cup,coffee -->
westernflorida,coconutpoint --> None
soda,cocacola --> None
cleaningcloth,microfibre -->
cleaningcloth,microfibre -->
cigarettes -->
plastic,cigarettepack --> trash
tobacco,cigarettebutt --> trash
cigarettebox --> trash
wrapper,cigarette --> paper
chs --> None
chocolate --> trash
plastic,chips -->
chewinggum --> trash
celluloseacetate,cigarette -->
can,ccrf -->
plastic,drinkcarton --> None
piece,cardboard --> paper
plastic,caprisun -->
plastic,caprisun -->
plastic,candywrapper -->
candyman mac bubble,candyman mac bubble -->
wrapper,candy --> trash
wrapper,candy --> trash
cigarette,camel -->
tobacco,cigarettebutt --> trash
burgerking --> None
can,bullit -->
bread --> trash
box,cardboard -->
plastic,bottlecap --> plastic
waterbottle,plastic --> plastic
blik --> None
plastic,beer -->
can,bavaria -->
battery --> trash
plastic,balloon -->
plastic,balloon -->
plastic,plasticbag --> trash
bacardi --> None
wrapper,antaflu --> trash
metal,amstel -->  metal
wrapper,aluminum --> metal
can,aluminium -->
metal,alcohol --> metal
plastic,albertheijn -->
ahold --> None
ahold --> None
plastic,aadrink -->
plastic,5thingsclear -->
